What's the closest you've ever come to cheating?

What is the craziest thing that you have ever done while drunk?

What do most of your friends think about you that is totally untrue?

How long have you gone without a shower or bath?

When was the most inappropriate time you farted?

What secret about yourself did you tell someone who later told lot of other people?

What's the scariest dream you've ever had?

Have you ever shouted on top of your voice in a quiet place to someone whiles you had a headphone or headset on?

What bad thing have you done that no one else found out?

What is the most disgusting habit you have?

Who have you loved but they didn't love you back?

When was the the last time you yawned open-mouthed (without covering your mouth)?

What would you do if you were the opposite gender for a day? 

What's the dumbest thing you did to impress someone?

Did you ever have a crush on your teacher?

Describe your bestfriend in one word.

Tell me something you don't want me to know.

What is your biggest regret?

What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?

What did you really hope ur parents never find out?

Have you ever lied to your partner to avoid an intimate moment?

WHat would you change abour life if you could?

Did u ever talk to yourself in the mirror?

What's will be your first reaction if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?

Have you ever lied on your CV just because you need the job?

What's the most money you've spent on something stupid? What was it?

Have you ever eaten something off the floor?

Do you still love your first girlfriend/boyfriend?

Who is the last person you stalked on social media?

Who is your celebrity crush?

Has anyone accidentally seen you naked? Who?

Have you ever gone out without wearing a pant or underwear?

Would you stop talking to all of your friends for a million dollar?

Would you ever cheat on your significant other if they said it was okay?

If you were a superhero, what would your power be?

What is the most trouble you ever got into in school?

Do you sing in the shower?

When was the last time you cried?

Have you ever cried from watching a TV show or a movie?

What would you do with a million dollars?

Would you survive without phone or internet for a month?

If you could do it, what would you change your name to?

Name a famous person that you would like to be friends with.

What do you want to do when you are retired?

What do you think is your best physical quality?

Do you brush you teeth for eating or you eat before brushing you teeth every morning?

If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?

Have you ever had feelings for a friend's or a family member's significant other?

What is your biggest fantasy?

Have you ever stolen  money from your parents?

Have you ever stolen something from a store?

If you could suddenly become invisible, what more naughty things would you like to do?

What was your favourite game as a child?

What food do you crave most often?

If you could visit one place on earth, where would you go?

What would your dream house be like?

If you could own any two cars, what would they be?

What makes you the angriest?

What always brings a smile to your face?

Which song reminds you the most of your life?

Which is more important; Truth or happiness?

What do you like most about your current/recent partner?

If you could choose one celebrity to be the father/mother of your child, who would it be?

If you could be trained up by any profession of your choice by top professionals, what profession would you choose?

If you were going to die in the next 10  days, how would you spend that time?